Add Platform TBB ROTPK & Mfg Config Evidence Claims Transformation (#28)
yogeshbdeshpande/draft-cca-rats-endorsements: draft-ydb-rats-cca-endorsements.md

~~~
{: #trans-plat-conf title="Transform a CCA Plaform Config into an Element Map" }

#### Platform TBB ROTPK

The following function maps a CCA TBB ROTPK to a CoRIM element map.
The element identifier is created from the claim as shown below, and the element claims use the standard raw-values attribute to represent the rotpk hash value as `tagged-bytes`.

~~~ pseudocode
FUNC element-from-tbb-rotpk(
    C: arm-platform-tbb-rotpk-item,
) -> element-map {
    em := element-map::NEW()

    lc = C.life-cycle
    array-index = CHAR('0' + C.active-rotpk-array)
    entry-index =  CHAR('0' + C.active-array-index)

>     em.element-id = tstr (JOIN(lc + array-index + entry-index))

Reviewer: This looks different from what documented in prose: it’d produce “CM0203” instead of the expected "cca.rotpk.CM.2.3"

Author: Good Catch, I will correct this!

#### Platform Manufacturing Configuration

The following function maps the CCA platform manufacturing configuration claim to a CoRIM element map.
The element identifier is "cca.platform-manufacturing-config", and the element claims use the standard raw-values attribute to represent the platform manufacturing configuration value as `tagged-bytes`.

~~~ pseudocode
FUNC element-from-platform-manufacturing-config(
    C: arm-platform-manufacturing-config-type
) -> element-map {
    em := element-map::NEW()

    em.element-id = tstr("cca.platform-manufacturing-config")

    em.element-claims.raw-values = tagged-bytes(C)

    RETURN em
}
~~~
{: #trans-plat-mfg-conf title="Transform a CCA Plaform Manufacturing Config into an Element Map" }

#### Platform Token

The following function maps the CCA platform's claims set to a single CoRIM `ae-item`.

The environment is synthesized from instance and implementation identifiers.
Each software component is mapped to an `element-map` entry with identifier "cca.software-component".
The platform configuration is mapped to an `element-map` entry with identifier "cca.platform-config".

> The Platform TBB ROTPK is mapped to an `element-map` entry with an identifier computed by concatenating the cca.lifecycle claim with string representations of the integer index for active ROTPK array & entry in the active array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Platform TBB ROTPK is mapped to an `element-map` entry, the identifier of which is computed by concatenating the cca.lifecycle claim with the string representations of the integer indices of the active ROTPK array and the active array entry.
```

> The Platform TBB ROTPK is mapped to an `element-map` entry with an identifier computed by concatenating the cca.lifecycle claim with string representations of the integer index for active ROTPK array & entry in the active array.

Reviewer: Is “cca.lifecycle” an actual claim name?

Author: Yes the name in TBB spec is lifecycle, the CCA Evidence Profile, does not name it correctly, please see https://github.com/SimonFrost-Arm/draft-ffm-rats-cca-token/issues/53

The platform manufacturing configuration is mapped to an `element-map` entry with identifier "cca.platform-manufacturing-config".

> The process uses the functions defined in {{trans-platform-id}}, {{trans-sw-comp}}, {{trans-plat-conf}}, {{trans-tbb-rotpk}} and {{trans-plat-mfg-conf}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process uses the functions defined in {{trans-platform-id}}, {{trans-sw-comp}}, {{trans-plat-conf}}, {{trans-tbb-rotpk}} and {{trans-plat-mfg-conf}}.
```

        "tag:arm.com,2025:endorsements/cca_platform#1.0.0"
    item.addition.authority::APPEND(cpak_pub)

    # map platform tbb rotpk to elements
    FOREACH pk IN P.arm-platform-tbb-rotpk:
       e := element-from-tbb-rotpk(pk)
       element-list::APPEND(e)

    # map platform manufacturing config to element

>     e := element-from-platform-manufacturing-config(P.arm-platform-manufacturing-config-label)

Reviewer: this is going to be flagged as “line too long” by idnits

    element-list::APPEND(e)

>     item.addition.element-list = element-list

Reviewer: add space between separate actions

```suggestion

    item.addition.element-list = element-list
```

>     item.addition.profile =  "tag:arm.com,2025:endorsements/cca_platform#1.0.0"

Reviewer: ditto
